Take a moment now and picture the scene
Up ahead on the path or what seemed to be
Children laughing at play
In a world free of the fears we once faced
And taking care of this beautiful earth
Are a people that live by our father's words
Until the moon is no more
There is the peace we have been waiting for
Both feel his love is on our new world
To cause us for trains like a sun
As we see ourselves in our new world
To take a moment now and think of our place
By the mountains and rivers
Or wide open plains
It's a place to call home
And now walking in through your front
There is someone that you know
Holding out his own
Hopped here full in breath
Feels like forever since you've been faint
And that won't stop
Falled out, stretched out
New like a sun
He sent it out
Jehovah's will for this earth
Fulfilling every living things I wish
Our star knew